# CodeBloodedLU
Langston University’s Code Blooded Team 
S.L.A.M - Support Local And Minority-Owned. “S.L.A.M, the app that supports minority owned businesses.” 
2020 has been a very challenging year for Americans. Facing the challenges associated with COVID-19, many small businesses are being forced to make very difficult financial decisions and need support now more than ever. In addition to fighting a pandemic, 2020 has also been a revolution for social change, emphasizing the importance of diversity, inclusion, and that Black Lives Matter. SLAM is the app that supports minority owned businesses. 
Our solution was created using Java, Android Studio, SQLite, and Wordpress. Using our solution, potential users will have the ability to find and view local businesses which essentially creates a hub for local and minority businesses. We have a website that requires new users to answer a COVID-19 symptom questionnaire upon entry and if users fail, they are redirected to CDC resources so that they do not potentially spread the virus. When a user passes the questionnaire, they continue to a page with a list of businesses and have the ability to search and sort for businesses based on the information provided by business owners which include: restrictions, hours of operations, address, and description of business.
Our S.L.A.M android application allows business owners to input information related to their business and allows them to also enter COVID-19 restrictions such as new COVID-19 business hours. All users have the ability to view the data that is input and our next steps include the ability to sort businesses based on their zip code. 
The link to our YouTube video is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdwQ9Wsg-rc
